fix: moved list state versions outputs endpoint to state version outp… (#1987)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/api/state-versions.html.md

## List State Version Outputs

> For more information please refer to the state version outputs documentation [here.](/docs/cloud/api/state-version-outputs.html#list-state-version-outputs)

Reviewer: For various reasons, it's best to avoid having the text of a link be something like "here". (Screen readers present link text in isolation when you're jumping between links, so you want the text to actually say where the link goes.)

```suggestion
The output values from a state version are also available via the API. For details, see the [state version outputs documentation.](/docs/cloud/api/state-version-outputs.html#list-state-version-outputs)
```
